Obviously he provoked me
And he talks so badly, so stop talking
Tell me you hit someone
Disrupt factory order
All benefits at the end of the year will be cancelled
Hey manager, why?
Just because I'm a textile factory manager
You all have to listen to my demolition
Obviously he bullied me
Who bullies you?
You shameless
Ask who saw me bullying you?
Everyone saw it
Didn't you see it?
We saw Zhao Liying beaten by Jiang Yan
Yes, yes, it was Jiang Yan who bullied people first
Zeng Ye seems that I am too kind to you on weekdays
Lack of discipline
It was his lack of discipline
Why punish me?
I won't punish you.
It depends on your performance
Will you come with me?
Manager Bai, please respect yourself
Since you disobey my management
I declare that from now on
Threatened to be expelled from the textile factory
Never hire